# Telecom-Retention
Customer churn is one of the principal issues in the Telecommunications Industry. Clients massively change their specialist co-ops within the limited ability to focus time. Client Churn implies lost entire or part of the administrations from the client by any association
Every telecoms provider knows that it is much cheaper to retain an existing customer than it is to acquire a new one. However, in a highly competitive market, where one tariff change or negative customer service interaction could lose you a customer, keeping customers engaged, satisfied and, most importantly, spending on your networks is no easy task. In light of this, more and more operators are introducing personalised loyalty schemes focused on retaining their customers for longer. The truth is, loyalty and retention are probably some of the biggest challenges facing operators today, especially in the competitive global marketplace, where the current economic climate is such that customers are less willing to spend. The business of customer loyalty can be a complex decision making process. In order to achieve maximum profitability, operators must carefully mine their data and ensure they send out the most relevant targeted communications to their customer base, whilst driving efficiency and reducing costs across their business. They must also ensure they keep up with modern trends, in order to “catch their customers young” and develop lifelong relationships.
To keep these things in mind we have to spot which customer is loyal and which one going to churn so that we can make different stratergies for different groups.To identify the type of customer , we will use data science techniques.

